1. For the first and second chapters from the book there were no much of exercises, but the way it explained how this book will lead its readers to understand programming was significantly helpful in preparing myself as if I were on a mission. They didn’t only emphasized how important practice is, but also encouraging people to do so. 
Hello_world.py which is included in my GitHub folder was my first practicing in programming for this class. I had the ability to understand and knowledge how machine understands. Typing the word print is giving the machine order to print whatever I emphasize inside two brackets by using quotation marks with the sentence/word I want it to be shown. It was a valuable practice as a first step. I am planning to follow up with all exercises to develop my knowledge in programming and share them in my GitHub for feedback and critique because they are the most significant part of the practice.     
Chapter 3 was accurately interesting in introducing the readers to what people could and couldn’t change in a structured code. The exercise helped the learners to be engaged directly with the language. This chapter was covered during lecture too, but following the instructions from the book was slightly different since I am using mac for doing the book’s exercises. I followed different steps than the one I did during the lecture due to switching software. However, both practicing in lecture and following the book were a good experience in starting my first steps toward this class. The book exercise is uploaded in my GitHub.      
1. Mechanical Mirrors by Daniel Rozin is a project and technique that I would like to address as a concept that follows coding as this class does. I am fascinated by Rozin’s art work for too many reasons but my most related two reasons that I am going to apply to this discussion are the following:
Mechanical Mirrors were built by programing chips and applying a complex algorithms to its system so they could respond to people’s movements and reflect their images by changing colors, rough/smooth surfaces, matt/shining surfaces, or a certain angle movements. 
Mechanical Mirrors are also categorized as art work which could be present in front of people physically instead of digitally screen engagement like websites or games.
I chose this project because this is one of my reasons for studying this class. I would like to take tangible art to a different direction. Art is not only my passion, but also a major study that I am engaging with. My goal for this class is to achieve taking my knowledge of art (sculpture) to a technological art ( programmed sculpture).                     


1. The thing I am facing right now is that I am using a different software (mac) from the class’s software (windows). I don’t want to miss the experience of using the fascinating device with all of its components that is provided for us to gain this experience from. However, when I use my laptop to redo or practice what we've had in the lecture, I struggle a little bit. I might need time to familiarize myself with both systems. I am planning to give myself time to go to the campus lab and work from there, and I would also push myself to use the two different software and distinguish between them.   
The other thing I am struggling with is not knowing how code works and where it should run. I ask myself this question a lot after typing a code, “where it needs to be run? Why? How?” I am optimistic in knowing all those answers by the end of the semester, so I can be more aware of how this world works. The book is helpful and I am following it in passion because I am willing to know more in depth. I will practice! I will fully open my attention to understand this new language.