1- Chapter 10, for this chapter, I followed all the explanations and examples that the author was addressing. They can be found in my GitHub as a file named ch9.py inside folder chapter 10. It was so fascinating learning how to edit and adjust images using python, and it is a new way to think to edit. I did example 10-2, and it can be found inside the same folder of chapter 10. I modified the code that addressed in the reading and changed things that will work for flipping the image vertically. It worked, but I had a small problem couldn’t understand it. One little pixel was not flipped, and I wonder why? 


2- It was a suitable method for learning how to fix and adjust images using python, but I don’t think that this is a practical way. I believe that there is nothing that would be better than using an actual software of editing. Photoshop is my first favorite editor, and I am super good at it, but that was like a couple of years ago. During summer, I used GIMP, and I wanted to explore and learn different software. It was good but not the best, and it doesn’t have easy access to using a tool. It has a different way that requires a lot of adjustments, even for a simple thing. For example, zoom in, users need to click their mouse as usual, but zoom out users need to click ctrl+click the mouse. Why? I believe that there are a lot of different ways to manipulate images, but not all of them are convenient. Python and GIMP are two things I am not going to use personally in my work, and I prefer software that gives easy access to things like photoshop and illustrator. I still did not use illustrator, but I watched a lot of tutorials about it looks fantastic, it is my future project that I will work on and explore.


3-  I did have some difficulties, but eventually, I solved them. The way I always follow is by doing all the possible solutions I have in my mind and test them. When I got a close method to the final result, I keep adjusting it. Sometimes I get lucky and solve the problem, and other times I only leave it in a possible close solution.